Hello there, welcome to your greatest dream...
...dream alarm clock

WARNING:
This webpage is compatible with chrome only.

USAGE:
On the left hand side of the screen any alert you have made will be stored, the content and any extra information being displayed on a closable tab.
On the right side there is another list, but this time filled with notifications about covid figures, the local weather and top news articles.
The centre of the webpage allows you to create an alarm, the date-box allowing you to select when the alarm will be set, and the text box beneath that lets you write the reminder you need at that time.
There are also two tickboxes, one for weather and one for news, by ticking either (or both) you can get an appropriate update during your announcements.
Thats not all, any alert will be read out to you using text to speech magic, proving once and for all that little men operate modern technology.
Both the announcements and notifications have the ability to be removed, lest they bother your sore eyes.

BUGS:
Unfortunately it seems as though there is something wrong with the person in the computer, since whenever a notification gets deleted there is a chance for duplication (peculiarly only on even values in the nested for loop)

CONFIG:
If you wish to learn the art of config manipulation, you must follow these steps closely:
1. open the file config.json
2. find the tag or key you wish to change, a list of what they do will be provided.
3. change the data associated with the tag (e.g you searched for "weatherLocation": "[city]", the [city] bit would be yours to name (provided the city is on the database))
4. win at life

CONFIG MEANINGS:
loggingPath - this is the filepath taken to read the file that contains all the logging data (leave it be).
weatherLocation - this is the location that the weather data will be taken from, input a city.
weatherKey - this is a unique key to the weather API, dont change it unless you know what you are doing.
newsLocation - this is the location the news API will pull data from (input a country code e.g us or gb).
newsKeyTerm - this is a keyterm that the news API will search for (e.g Covid will bring up search results related to covid).
newsKey - this is a unique key to the news API, dont change it unless you know what you are doing.
IMGPath - this is the path to the main image on the webpage, dont change it unlessd you want to
